docs: location of tests (#1290)
openfga/openfga: docs/testing_your_changes.md

> ## Location of tests

Reviewer: Can we put this under a top-level "Testing Guidelines" header please?

OpenFGA strives to maintain good code coverage with tests so that the possibility of regressions is reduced.

The purpose of this guide is to inform contributors where to write new tests.

## 1. Storage layer

> 1. Any change to the OpenFGA storage interface must have an integration test in pkg/storage/test/storage.go. This is so that anyone writing their own storage adapter can have confidence that it is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Any change to the OpenFGA storage interface must have an integration test in `pkg/storage/test/storage.go`. This is so that anyone writing their own storage adapter can have confidence that it is correct.
```

## 2. API layer

1. All APIs use an underlying `command` object. These commands must have
   1. unit tests. For example, Write API is backed by Write Command, which has unit tests in pkg/server/commands/write_test.go. These should target mocked dependencies to cover the majority of the business logic. If you are changing business logic, add a test here.

>    2. **Exported** integration tests in pkg/server/test/server.go. These take in an unmocked `datastore` dependency. The goal of these is to test that the command and the underlying datastore work well. This is so that anyone who writes their own implementation of the datastore can run these tests by doing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. **Exported** integration tests in `pkg/server/test/server.go`. These take in an unmocked `datastore` dependency. The goal of these is to test that the command and the underlying datastore work well. This is so that anyone who writes their own implementation of the datastore can run these tests by doing
```

   ```go
    import openfgatest "github.com/openfga/openfga/pkg/server/test"
    
    openfgatest.RunAllTests(t, datastore)
    ```

      > NOTE TO MAINTAINERS: ideally, these integration tests shouldn't exist. They are the result of not having enough coverage at the storage interface layer.

> 2. Functional tests in tests/functional_test.go. These are tests for validating the API inputs. The inputs are defined in the proto files (https://github.com/openfga/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Functional tests in `tests/functional_test.go`. These are tests for validating the API inputs and functional API behavior. The inputs are defined in the proto files (https://github.com/openfga/api).
```

3. Some APIs' behavior can be fine-tuned with server flags. If this is the case, the tests for the correct wiring of the flags live in pkg/server/server_test.go.
4. Some APIs set specific response headers. If this is the case, update the test `TestHTTPHeaders` in cmd/run/run_test.go.
 
### Query APIs (Check, ListObjects, etc.)

Take the Check API. Aside from the tests mentioned in "All APIs", it has:

1. **Exported** integration tests in tests/check/check.go. These take in a `client` dependency. This is so that anyone who writes their own version of the server and/or datastore can run these tests by doing
    ```go
    import "github.com/openfga/openfga/tests/check"
    
    check.RunAllTests(t, client)
    ```

    The reason these tests live here is because:
      - the test cases are defined using easy-to-write YAML files. This enables us to write test cases that apply to all query APIs. (If one Check returns `allowed=true`, the corresponding ListObjects call will, depending on server parameters and other factors, also include it in the response.)

>       - since these tests are exported, it allows authors of datastores to get extra confidence that their implementations of some methods related to Read of Tuples are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - since these tests are exported, it allows authors of datastores to get extra confidence that their implementations of the storage interface are correct.
```

Author: It shouldn't be the goal of those tests to test the _entire_ interface.

> > NOTE TO MAINTAINERS: ideally, these tests need not be exported, since they are testing for correctness and should be independent of the storage layer. They are the result of not having enough coverage with unit tests.

Reviewer: My vote - drop these callouts. Every one of these goes without saying. Assuming we had perfect coverage for all time and eternity, then we'd never need these. But having these tests at various layers give us confidence. Even if we had better storage layer coverage we'd still have value and benefit in having these, because they give us better ensures that we haven't broken an internal code contract.

Author: People will notice this either way, when we ask them to import five suites of tests. When they ask us about it, we can show them why with this doc. 

I agree it makes us look bad, but we're being honest here. If they don't like it, we can tell them we haven't had time to improve and ask them to send a PR. WDYT?
